fix: add setProviderAndWait examples (#614)
open-feature/js-sdk: packages/client/README.md

Once you've added a provider as a dependency, it can be registered with OpenFeature like this:

#### Awaitable

To register a provider and ensure it is ready before further actions are taken, you can use the `setProviderAndWait` method as shown below:

```ts
await OpenFeature.setProviderAndWait(new MyProvider());
```  

> #### Synchronous

Reviewer: Should it be Asynchronous here ?

Author: I really struggled with the name here. Techically, the method is synchronous but the provider may not be ready immediately. Calling it asynchronous would imply that it would return a promise or accept a callback. However, I do agree that this is confusing. Can you think of a better term we could use?

Reviewer: Yes, the naming is super complex on this one.
We can use something like **blocking** / **non blocking** maybe ?

Reviewer 2: I personally think this is accurate. The method returns immediately. The fact is starts some asynchronous jobs doesn't make the method itself asynchronous.

In (1) the Client sends a request to the provider backend in order to get all values from all feature flags that it has.
Once the provider backend replies (2) the client holds all flag values and therefore the flag evaluation process is synchronous.

> In order to prevent flag evaluations from defaulting while the provider is initializing, it is highly recommended to only look for flag value after the provider is ready. This can be done using the `setProviderAndWait` method or using the `setProvider` method and listening for the `READY` [event](#eventing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to prevent flag evaluations from defaulting while the provider is initializing, it is highly recommended to evaluate flags only after the provider is ready. This can be done using the `setProviderAndWait` method or using the `setProvider` method and listening for the `READY` [event](#eventing).
```
